Hello I am joseph. Welcome to my plot. I just bought this land and I want to start a farm here and I need you help. Before we start you need to know how the farm works. Click button "NEXT" to go to the next slide.
The basic element of farm development is the cultivation of vegetables, fruits, flowers and animal breeding. To enable planting and breeding you need the right buildings, which are also a warehouse for the products you acquire. On the left you see three main buildings in a farm. Counting from the left they are Stable, Shed and Green House and if you build one, you can click on it to see the warehouse status.
In order to harvest, you must first plant the seeds and wait for them to grow, then click on them to harvest them. When it comes to animals, they give different products. Cows and goats give milk, hens lay eggs, turkeys give feathers and sheep can be sheared so you get thread.Animals can reproduce, but they do so at different frequencies. Rabbits breed the fastest.
Animals need water and food. To do this, you need to build a water trough and a feeder and fill them from time to time by clicking on them. You're probably wondering how to create new objects. To open the menu you should press the "b" button. You will see then the menu of the game. You can change tabs by pressing the arrows "left" and "right".
If you select one of the option in the tab you will see red surface where you cannot create a new object. When you run out of space for new objects, consider buying another plot. You can buy a new plot in the eight tab.
In tab number eight, you will find the "sell" option, which can be used to sell existing objects. Remember that this is a last resort because only a part of the value of the object will be returned to your account. If you choose 'butcher' and then click on an animal, it will be given to the butcher. This will give you meat.
In order to develop your farm, you must earn money by selling the products you produce. To view announcements, click on the announcement board or tab in the lower left corner of the screen.
To disable previously enabled desktops in the game just press the "escape" button. To return to the main menu, click on the "menu" sign on the right. Now that you know everything, let's get to work. Press "NEXT" to finish the tutorial and return to the main menu.